Add 2023-2024 report, blog (#137)
bitcoinbrink/website: _reports/2023/opening.md

  Bitcoin Core pull requests before they were merged, significantly
  extended Bitcoin Core's testing infrastructure, and made several
  safety-focused changes to Bitcoin Core's code.

Fabian Jahr
: left over 200 review comments after joining Brink mid-2023, led major
  improvements to distributed generation of ASMap files, wrote
  proof-of-concept code for batch validation of schnorr signatures,
  researched cross-input signature aggregation, and added significant
  resiliency to Bitcoin Core's code hosting.

Hennadii Stepanov
: left almost 1,300 review comments, contributing greatly to the
  project's effort to modernize its build tool chain, and continued his
  role as the project's GUI maintainer.  He also continued working with the
  Bitcoin Design Community on a reference GUI wallet design compatible
  with Bitcoin Core.

Stéphan Vuylsteke
: left almost 600 review comments, earning special commendation from his
  peers for his diligence and follow up.  He continued contributing to multiple
  education and mentorship efforts, including Qala, London BitDevs, and
  the Bitcoin Core Pull Request Review Club.

Gloria Zhao

> : continued her role as P2P system maintainer, leaving 900 review

Reviewer: I think I am usually just considered mempool maintainer, though I do definitely enjoy p2p and the distinction is imaginary. Depends on what the audience will understand.

Author: Changed to mempool/P2P

If that works

  comments and leading the work on package relay.  She was also a

>   leading contributor to TRUC (v3) transactions and cluster mempool.  She

Reviewer: Ancestor-aware funding might be a better example, as I definitely wrote MiniMiner (n27021) in 2023, but not sure where cluster mempool was in 2023. I have been doing a lot of cluster mempool review this year... but in 2023, it was mostly Pieter and Suhas doing research iirc.

```suggestion
  leading contributor to TRUC (v3) transactions and ancestor-aware funding.  She
```
